[AUDIO LOGO]
>>CYNTHIA SUE LARSON:
Bible changes, for example.
We used to have the lion
would lay down with the lamb.
And it's no longer that.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: It
was always the lion.
>>LARSON: I remember that.
>>REGINA: I've never
heard of the wolf.
>>LARSON: Right.
And how do we attune
ourselves to listen?
Because through listening,
then you can be heard.
It's kind of like cooking
something in the oven.
Taking it out of the oven half
baked means it's not complete.
I like to ask, how
good can it get?
So if you're asking a
question that helps you focus,
it reframes everything.
Just keep it simple,
heads, hearts, and guts.
And so if you realize, what is
this unified will right now?
Do I really have
unification of myself?
Most of us never
even look at that.
It's like a combination lock.
And you can't really open
any magical possibility,
any adjacent reality, unless
you've got the combination.
>>REGINA: We're so happy
to have Cynthia Sue Larson.
Back with us today.
We're going to continue our
explanation of the Mandela
effect as new questions and
answers are arising constantly.
It's an endlessly fascinating
topic for almost all
of us, especially
for you because you
have your nose into it.
And one of the things I
want to start with because--
for anyone who hasn't already
seen our previous shows,
take a look at them.
But one thing you're finding is
that chapters of your own books
have gone missing.
No, wait.
OK, how is that even possible?
You must have the originals.
>>LARSON: OK, I do
have the originals.
And it's not the entire
chapter, thank goodness.
But--
>>REGINA: Pieces.
>>LARSON: Yes, significant
pieces are going missing.
And for example, in my
book "Quantum Jumps"
that came out in 2013, now
it's about 10 years later.
And I've started noticing that--
well, I just noticed
in 2019 actually,
so it goes back a few years.
In 2019, I was planning to, at
the conference on the Mandela
effect, explain what I had in
mind with the cover of the book
and to describe what
that was all about.
But the entire explanation
paragraph is completely gone.
So--
[LAUGHTER]
I know.
The idea was that--
it was to bring together the
many worlds of quantum physics,
the many worlds theory with
the multiverse in the cosmos
and the idea of jumping
through a quantum wormhole,
if you will.
And that's gone.
It's no longer in
the book at all.
And that's just one of two
books that have changed.
>>REGINA: Let's just talk
about that for a minute.
So now if you go back
to your originals,
the original documents before
you went to publishing,
it's in there, right?
>>LARSON: No.
>>REGINA: It's not even there?
>>LARSON: It's not
there, not at all.
And I can't find it in
any version of the book.
It's just completely
like it never existed.
>>REGINA: So let's
dig down into that.
If it's completely
disappeared, so it's
taken a separate track
of consciousness,
what would be the
possible advantage
and to whom for having
that paragraph disappear?
>>LARSON: That's
a good question.
>>REGINA: Who
would that benefit?
>>LARSON: I don't know who
exactly it would benefit.
>>REGINA: What would it benefit?
>>LARSON: I think it
gives us an insight
that anything can change.
And I've seen
other books change.
Lots of people notice
Bible changes, for example,
like we used to have the lion
would lay down with the lamb.
And it's no longer that.
It's not that at all.
It's the wolf will lay
down with the lamb.
>>REGINA: Yeah it
was always the lion.
>>LARSON: I remember that.
>>REGINA: I've never
heard of the wolf.
>>LARSON: Right.
So who benefits
from these things?
I think all of us do ultimately
when we recognize that this
is sort of a global phenomenon.
It's much bigger than
just one particular book.
>>REGINA: Well, you
look at that, you
look at the wolf instead
of the lion, I mean,
what could the metaphysical
esoteric implication
of shifting from
a lion to a wolf
be in that passage on a
level of consciousness?
I'm just playing with this.
I mean, we're not supposed
to be talking about this.
It's just me being curious.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
Well, I think that there's
an advantage of looking
at wolf consciousness.
People might think like,
wolves, what are they good for?
But they work together.
There is a community within
a wolf community, whereas--
there's something like that
with the lions as well.
But there's this
tremendous social quality,
which the Mandela
effect also is actually,
when we notice
collectively that there's
been some kind of a change.
It's much more
than just noticing
at home that your socks
are not in the dryer
or that something has moved,
your keys, or your purse,
or something, or
that you've seen
some other mysterious change.
>>REGINA: That's just annoying.
So you say we're awaiting the
dawning of the fifth world.
And this is really
key in all of this.
And we're going to go
into all of the kinds
of phenomena choices that
have to be made and so forth.
First of all, what
is the dawning
of the fifth world to you?
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, I've been following
the Hopi mythology.
And I wrote an article
for "Parabola Magazine"
a couple of decades
ago actually.
But it's very
important because when
I look at the stories,
which to me are
much more than just stories,
they tell the inner realm.
It's the imaginal realm.
It's where reality
comes from when
you recognize that
some stories are
more than just a simple story.
It's not mythology.
It's not fake.
It's not fiction.
And so the idea
is that the world
has gone through very strong
upheavals, a great deal
of crisis, catastrophe.
And each time this happens,
humans make it through.
I think that's-- I like to
look at the good things.
>>REGINA: Yeah, the
mass extinctions
you're speaking of, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: That we're still here.
>>LARSON: Yes.
And I've been fascinated
with this topic
ever since I was quite young.
I did a science project
in seventh grade
looking at coral reefs.
>>REGINA: Of course, you did.
>>LARSON: Yeah, I wanted to look
at the mass extinction events.
And I noticed that they were
happening in a very punctuated
equilibrium way.
They happened with
certain frequency
and almost predictability.
And so there would be
tremendous climate changes that
would kill off whatever the
ocean coral species were
and so forth.
And so that's what I
was studying back then.
And so bringing
that idea forward
and finding that
the Hopi had been
telling what they call stories.
But they also-- it sounded
true to me because they speak
of things--
of great floods and
great fires and humans
coming through with some
help and some ability
to rise above the
drama basically
to recognize that we
have two paths to choose
at any one of these
decision points.
And we can choose to stay
calm and stay focused
on what matters
most, which is love
because that's eternal,
that's infinite.
And those are the things
that can't be measured.
But when we fixate instead on
the measurables, the money,
the power, and so forth, we
can get seriously off track?
>>REGINA: Yes, and we're
all bearing witness to it.
The climate is changing.
It does change periodically--
>>LARSON: It does change.
>>REGINA: --very,
very dramatically.
And it's changing
dramatically and trying
to turn it into a divisive
political issue rather than,
wouldn't it be a
beautiful world if we
could look at it for
what it is and say
this happens every so often?
And what is the
highest opportunity?
Not to be confused with
continuing to pollute.
That's not good no matter what.
We should be treating
our Earth very kindly.
But wouldn't it be amazing
if we could talk about it
on a historical
level as the Hopi
and other ancient Indigenous
tribes do speak of it?
And then what could that
look like if we embraced it
on that level--
>>LARSON: That could be--
>>REGINA: --collectively--
>>LARSON: --wonderful
>>REGINA: --instead of trying to
cash in on some carbon credits?
>>LARSON: Right, because then
we can start managing really
the people that we can be.
Humans have the ability to
be caretakers of wonder,
caretakers of the Earth.
And by listening
closely to what's
happening as things
change instead of
trying to keep them
the same, then it's
possible to listen to
the Earth, to recognize
that if it's really hot,
that's still summer.
That kind of thing, which, I
think, in Western thinking,
we started regimenting nature.
We decided that--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Summer should be the masters.
>>LARSON: Yes.
And so if we look at instead,
how do we partner with it?
How do we find
friends within nature?
And how do we attune
ourselves to listen?
Because through listening,
then you can be heard.
And that's the big
takeaway that I
think humans are
learning gradually
each time the world comes to
an end and another world--
>>REGINA: I think so.
And there are more and
more people awake now
than have been in some of
the past mass extinctions.
I don't think it's fair to
say we were unconscious in all
of them because we were
quite conscious once
upon a time in our
far, far history.
So I would be curious
to know with far memory
how humanity that was
more awake and conscious
and in partnership with
nature went through these,
what became known as mass
extinction or severe weather
type events.
>>LARSON: Well,
it's hard to know
for sure because we
don't have written
records of most of this.
It's oral traditions.
But what I've learned
and seen firsthand
is that the shamanic
tradition is
very instrumental in
managing these crisis points,
recognizing that there can be
those, for whatever reason,
that have access
into communicating
with some of these other beings
and levels of conscious agency.
>>REGINA: So let's say we have
an awareness on this planet
as our weather continues to get
wilder and more unpredictable.
Is it inevitable that it goes
into one of these events?
Or can we learn-- can
we call upon beings
who are elements
of nature and know
how to work with nature
to even soften some
of the influences that happen?
Or does Earth need this
kind of violent upheaval
to refresh herself?
>>LARSON: When I go
into meditations,
I've been asking about
the nature of evil.
Why is that necessary?
Because it seems
like if we could just
get to the root
of all of that, we
could make some
serious progress.
>>REGINA: It seems so.
>>LARSON: And then we
could guide ourselves
through this next, what could
be cataclysmic transition
into something much smoother.
But what I heard when I tuned
into that infinite eternal love
was that it's kind of like
cooking something in the oven.
And if we need to bake
something or you're
following a recipe, taking
it out of the oven half
baked means it's not complete.
And for human
consciousness, it looks
like it's not just
the front runners that
are being considered here.
It's all of humanity.
And so there needs to be
an evolutionary progression
for everybody.
And until that happens,
it looks like we
may need to go through a
couple more of these cycles
after this one, which
might seem crazy
because this one that
we're coming into right now
already looks pretty severe.
But the Hopi talk about that
after the seventh world, when
we reach that, then we'll
be able collectively
not to have to go through those.
And it makes sense to me
because at that point,
I think we'll have enough
people that understand
and how to maintain,
for example, aircraft.
Like if you're on a
flight and there's
a prediction of turbulence, then
you can absolutely manage that.
And we can do the same thing
coming into one of these
cataclysmic events,
whether it's--
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm thinking
of because you
and I were talking
about we do that on airplanes.
And I was thinking, why can't
this be done on a larger scale
than simply amending
turbulence on a flight?
>>LARSON: I think we can do it.
And it's definitely
something that
works with weather with
all of these things that
seem like acts of God, things
like volcanic eruptions
and earthquakes, all of that.
And some of these
things are happening
more because the Earth's tilt
is a little bit more pronounced.
The electromagnetic field
is down, shields are down,
so we're more vulnerable
to getting some
of the solar weather patterns.
But--
>>REGINA: Definitely.
>>LARSON: And then there could
be something really cataclysmic
like a solar micronova.
Some people talk about that.
All of these things fall
under the same basic area.
So we can definitely have
impact and influence.
>>REGINA: So the two paths, the
Hopi prophecy stone in Arizona,
let's go back to that because it
says there will be two paths--
>>LARSON: Right, it does.
>>REGINA: --to choose between.
And many, many people feel we're
at a choice point right now.
>>LARSON: My interpretation
of this because it's basically
a petroglyph, it's
carved in stone--
and many people have
different reads on it.
I first read interpretations
in the book "The Rocks Begin
to Speak," which is
a wonderful book.
But my own take on it
right now because it
seems so timely has to do with
recognizing one of these paths
looks like basically
transhumanism.
The other path
definitely looks more
like retaining and
growing, evolving
all of our own
innate natural skills
and abilities and basically
spirit-given gifts.
So it's pretty clear to
me which is the better
path because the
path that fizzles out
is the transhumanist path.
It's the one where these little
very regimented little beings,
they all look like carbon
copies of one another.
It looks robotic to me.
They sort of fizzle out.
So the line, the timeline
sort of goes into a cloud
or vanishes, whereas the other
line seems to continue on.
And to stay in
harmony with the Earth
requires listening, being
flexible, sometimes not getting
what we want, needing to
grow up along the way,
maturing, rising
above the drama.
And these are not
easy things, so I
can understand why people might
prefer to dream of a utopian
world where everything can
be taken care of for us
by robots, by
artificial intelligence.
But to me that looks
like a bad trade.
>>REGINA: It does.
And if I were people
listening to this,
I would listen to you
because you are a mystic.
And you do have future visions.
So your visions are
important to listen to.
And so there comes
now the opportunity
every single day for every
single one of us as to how much
power, how much
energy we're going
to give over to AI
in whatever form
because it's not going away.
>>LARSON: It's not going away.
And so I'm not
recommending people
put their head in the
sand and ignore it
or be a complete Luddite
or anything like that.
Basically, what
I'm suggesting is
to remember to maintain
connections with meditation,
with your home, with your land.
>>REGINA: With the Earth.
>>LARSON: With the Earth.
>>REGINA: With the cosmos.
>>LARSON: Yes, the cosmos.
>>REGINA: With your soul.
>>LARSON: Yes, absolutely.
And what I call levels
of conscious agency.
So it's recognizing that
you can tune into your head.
You can see where
your head is at.
But you notice at the same
time if your gut is feeling
differently or your
heart feels differently,
you need to maybe pay
attention and pull it together
within your one self.
And so that might mean if
you're going through something
and you might want
to rush through it.
I've been through that.
I've wanted to rush
through unpleasant things
like I was going through.
And when that happens,
that's the head
trying to lead the way.
But sometimes the heart needs to
stay open and go through things
that it might not want to.
But there can be great
gifts in the pain sometimes.
Sometimes that pain
point can be so painful
that people pull
away, they recoil,
they don't want to face it.
But that's the stuck point.
So you need to--
I agree with--
>>REGINA: Go and stay
in that stuck point.
Focus.
>>LARSON: Breathe with it.
>>REGINA: Breathe with it
until it breaks through.
>>LARSON: It's like
giving birth almost.
It's like--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: --recognizing--
>>REGINA: To whatever your
new creation from your soul
is going to be,
personal or collective.
>>LARSON: And there's a saying
by a great Native American
in Canada from Winnipeg
area, Toba Seneca Kino.
And he said what things
want to happen together.
And so what you're mentioning
from this great book
from Blavatsky, it
reminds me of that.
>>REGINA: "Land of
the Gods," yeah.
>>LARSON: Yeah, because it's
not just our own personal will.
It's a higher level of
will that's operating.
And so when corn is planted
with beans and other plants that
grow well together, then that's
what wants to happen together.
And when we recognize
sometimes we're
a part of something, that
may feel personally painful.
But it has a greater purpose.
Then we can start to feel that.
>>REGINA: But we have
to be still with it
and breathe with
it and not run away
from it because going
down to the core,
we don't know what's there.
And we don't know what's
going to show itself.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
And part of this AI incursion
can sometimes present an issue
where people might feel
that they're worthless,
or they might feel challenged
like, what good are you doing?
These are the kind of questions
that if they provoke fear
and it doesn't make any sense--
>>REGINA: On top of fear.
>>LARSON: On top
of fear, then that
would be a false voice talking.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>LARSON: So it's really
important for people
to tune in and recognize
that, ask questions
even if you're feeling that
this thought came to you
but it's not your thought.
So these are the
things to be aware
of in this interesting time that
we're starting to enter into.
>>REGINA: Yes, these divine
souls trump AI, period.
You speak of this as--
you call it Revhumanism.
I'd never heard that before.
So tell us what that means.
And then we're going to go into
the subject of free will a bit,
what's our will versus
outside versus manipulation.
>>LARSON: OK,
Revhumanism is a word
I wanted to give credit
back to this Indigenous
way of thinking.
And so I came up with a
word to counterbalance
this transhumanism because we
hear the word transhumanism,
and rather than
being opposed to it,
it's good to have something
to be in favor of.
So to be in favor
of Revhumanism means
to recognize this renewal
possibility, revitalization,
and reverence.
And these qualities are
part of our divine being.
So it's really the divinity
within all of nature,
within ourselves, and to
recognize that exists.
It's kind of like that
sparkle that light
that we have, that
feeling of love
that comes from the heart, that
genuine sense of connection.
And these things are critical,
absolutely essential.
And without them,
the world could just
atrophy into this
other possibility.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>LARSON: It's another option
instead of transhumanism.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I mean, going into the
even more fully embracing
the totally materialistic
view of life,
we're already hopefully
kind of getting
toward the tail of that dog.
But meanwhile, we have the
human being historically knows
that we're part of other realms.
Everyone watching
this knows there
are other realms, be it
playful, be it angelic,
even those who play
tricks, even tricksters,
that we're one realm among
many, and that interface
between realms is where a lot
of intelligence comes from.
So if we wipe that
out and just go
for a simple, sophisticated
continued development
of algorithms, what happens to
our multidimensional connection
with the other realms?
>>LARSON: Well, it's seriously
atrophied at that point.
I think it still exists
because I believe it's--
>>REGINA: It's still
trying to reach us.
>>LARSON: It's still trying.
>>REGINA: But we're not
acknowledging it at that point.
>>LARSON: Right.
And so this is the
great battle that's
happening right now, if
you want to use that word.
It does seem like it's a
battle for our hearts, minds,
and souls.
So this is the time to
really tune in and listen
to the difference.
If you hear a voice that
doesn't seem to have that soul,
then question it,
question it deeply
because something
that has the soul
of this idea of Revhumanism
will come through
with a lightness of vibrancy,
a sense of possibility,
a sense of joy.
And if you don't feel
any of those things--
>>REGINA: And gentleness.
>>LARSON: And
gentleness for sure.
So those are the key things
to feel and look for.
And when we recognize
that this is possible,
then we can start to
experience it more and more
and expand our high
sense perception moving
into this interdimensional
realm and our own evolution
as interdimensional beings.
>>REGINA: So that
requires making choices.
And that gets us to the
subject of free will
and multidimensional access to
self higher mind, lower mind,
et cetera.
So let's get into it
because it's usually not
explained very well.
>>LARSON: Right.
Yeah, it's really not.
I like to start, just to give
people a point of reference,
with Gottfried Wilhelm
Leibniz, the philosopher.
And he was an
extraordinary genius.
He came up with the
idea of calculus,
along with Sir Isaac Newton.
And I'm starting there because
he had these beautiful ideas,
along with the philosophia
perennis, which
is the perennial
philosophy, which
means that at the pinnacle
of a pyramid of thought,
at the very top would be
the infinite, the eternal,
the absolute.
And then all of the paths of
philosophy and spirituality
that lead up to it,
they're physically felt,
they're the ones that are
practical down to Earth
that we can observe
day to day and follow.
But somewhere along
the line, they all
come together at that pinnacle,
at the point, at the top.
And that's where this
eternal infinite love exists.
So now I wanted to
lay that groundwork
because if you know
calculus-- most people don't
study calculus.
>>REGINA: I don't know.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, a basic
concept in calculus
is recognizing that you can
look at levels of things.
And so one of the
definitions that Leibniz
gave of consciousness is
that there's a first order
sensitivity or awareness.
Like if you're holding
a pencil or a pen,
you can feel it in your fingers.
And then there's a
second order, which
is awareness, that that's
you holding the pencil
and that that is a pencil.
So you can see how this works.
>>REGINA: The layers of
observation and consciousness.
>>LARSON: And those
can be considered
layers of dimensional awareness
and dimensional consciousness.
And so this is where it gets
very interesting because some
of those interdimensional beings
that can play around with--
people might say that's
messing with our free will
because they're moving
things in my house.
We've got elves or
whatever or ghosts,
some interdimensional being.
But we ourselves have
access to this as well we
are interdimensional beings.
And when we recognize
we can access
our own interdimensionality
through meditation, such
as you know that
that's your pencil--
some people meditate
just by holding something
like a pencil in their hand and
just focusing entirely on that.
And that experience
gives you the ability
to recognize the
focusing ability
so that you can
focus your attention,
focus your intention.
And it may seem tedious to do
this kind of a simple practice.
But it's the root of
all of the bigger ideas.
>>REGINA: Is this
the precursor to then
forming clear and clean will?
>>LARSON: Yes.
Through such simple beginnings,
it creates a solid foundation
so that then you can
start to ask things like--
I like to ask, how
good can it get?
>>REGINA: Right.
That's your favorite
question, which I love.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
So if you're asking a
question that helps you focus,
it reframes everything.
And so you can ask that
question in a really dark night
of the soul moment.
And it might seem like
it's almost sarcasm,
like how good can it get?
You got to be kidding me.
But amazingly, even
in such conditions,
you can start to see above.
Just the fact that you're asking
the question, nature answers
that question instantly.
And suddenly, you're
lifted out of the funk
and out of that feeling
of being static, stasis.
And you can reach ecstasy.
You can reach joy, which
is that's exactly what you
find with that infinite
eternal point of view.
>>REGINA: So how does that feed
into the notion of free will--
>>LARSON: OK, getting there--
>>REGINA: --which is kind
of like an application
of intention, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And then the
whole notion of free
is a whole other
thing on top of it.
>>LARSON: OK, exactly.
And I love the idea
of sovereignty.
I'm all about freedom.
>>REGINA: Me too.
>>LARSON: OK.
But it gets a little thorny
here because obviously--
I think when we say I and we get
into like, whose will is this?
What's going on here?
Instantly, we don't
necessarily pay attention
to the levels of conscious
agency that each of us
exists with, that we carry
with us every day, that we're
working with our heads,
our hearts, and our guts,
or you can look at
the seven chakras.
But just keep it simple,
heads, hearts, and guts.
And so if you realize what is
this unified will right now?
Do I really have
unification of myself?
Most of us never
even look at that.
And so I'd say we
have to start there.
>>REGINA: In other words,
is your head and your guts
and heart, are they lined up?
>>LARSON: Are they lined up?
It's like a combination lock.
And you can't really open
any magical possibility,
any adjacent reality, unless
you've got the combination.
And it's all--
>>REGINA: That's
beautifully said.
So really, if you're
contemplating something,
you should go
through the exercise
of checking in with
each aspect of self
and finding out if they're in
alignment with one another,
if you have coherence.
That's going to go a long
way toward, I would think,
an end effect.
>>LARSON: Yes.
And if you can do this with
honesty, integrity, and love,
then something magical happens.
And you might surprisingly
find that what you had thought
was not your will was exactly
what your subconscious needed.
And that can be a big
shock, a huge shock.
>>REGINA: Give us
examples of that.
>>LARSON: Well, like--
>>REGINA: Even something
in your own magical life.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
Well, I was going to pick
something ordinary, kind
of pedestrian.
>>REGINA: Well, that's fine
too, whatever you prefer.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
For example, just getting
started doing this line of work
was a shock to my system.
And it wasn't bad.
But it was just starting off
doing something completely new,
leave banking behind and
project management and even
science before that.
So I felt like,
what am I doing now?
This is crazy.
And it felt like terrifying
actually to go through that.
And then I've gone
through other things,
like I went through a divorce.
I've lost loved ones.
One of my favorite family
members was my grandmother.
And when she died, I was
just devastated, of course.
And I was able to
be at her bedside
just through a series of
remarkable synchronicities
and amazing magical
things that happened,
including attending
a book event that I
didn't have on my calendar.
They phoned to remind me of
something I'd never scheduled.
So it was Sacramento Bookstore.
And so I was there the day
that she happened to pass away.
But the thing that was so
interesting about free will
is I chose to be there because
the bookstore called me.
And they called me because,
obviously, in advance,
something or some
level of consciousness
knew that I needed
to be at a place
that I would never be otherwise.
I would not be visiting
her in Sacramento.
It was a two-hour drive
away from Berkeley.
I had to make child
care arrangements.
So I did all that stuff.
And then I'm there.
And you might say,
what's the free will?
How did I absolutely--
>>REGINA: Who
arranged that for you?
>>LARSON: Who arranged it?
Yes.
And I would say now it's
hard to say exactly.
But it would be at a
higher level of myself
in collaboration
with my grandmother.
And this can be found
in many events that
happen where there's this
divine orchestration.
And this is what we
see with synchronicity.
People that experience
synchronicity the most
are the ones that
are asking questions
about reality, that
have an empathic nature,
and that are capable of asking
these questions about what's
going on at these higher
levels of consciousness.
>>REGINA: And not
resisting the results.
It may not turn
out like you like.
But the more you
resist it, I think
the more the system starts
shutting down because it shows
you're not open to the flow.
>>LARSON: Right.
That's a really good point.
And being open to that flow
without that resistance
is so key.
But it's not reinforced much
in our Western way of living.
>>REGINA: So we have to be
truthful with ourselves,
go into coherence with how the
aspects of our mind, dimensions
of our mind, what
it truly feels,
what each aspect is truly
feeling, truly desiring,
see if there's some
coherence there.
And then that might
direct our free will
toward an intention or
an end of some kind.
>>LARSON: Yeah, and
we may find that
what wants to happen
together is something
we never would have picked
with our conscious mind at all.
And it could be a surprise.
But then if you listen
honestly to your-- especially
your subconscious.
That tends to get left
out of most decisions.
But then you find, OK,
this is right for me.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in the end.
Just like your experience,
you talked about.
And we've all had these
kinds of experiences,
like I can't believe I was
there just at that moment.
What put me there?
So for you,
everything comes down
to essentially staying
optimistic, like you say,
how good can it get?
A lot of people right now feel
like things are challenging.
And they know about how even
weather-- even something as
innocuous and powerful as
the weather is changing,
how we can't predict things.
We don't have a lot of control
over even something as simple
as our--
and not as complex
as our environment.
And so how-- for you, it's
about maintaining optimism
no matter what is
occurring externally.
And let's talk about how you
do that because you're really
a master at it.
>>LARSON: Well, thanks.
Well, it's a practice.
It takes practice for me too.
And I've had points where
I've looked at that, like,
do I really want to hold
the course and stay?
And I said, yes, absolutely.
So it's good to know that you're
choosing that for yourself.
And what I'm doing is pruning
out all the possible mes
and the possible timelines
where that's not the case.
I'm choosing not to go
there, not to have that--
>>REGINA: You're not putting
your mental, which is magnetic.
You're not putting your
mental energy there--
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: --or your
emotional energy there.
>>LARSON: That's right.
So that includes my
past, which some people--
I think people that watch
your show understand that.
That's a huge
subject right there,
pruning the past and
also the future and also
all the adjacent
current timelines,
recognizing that
I'm choosing to stay
radically optimistic regardless,
that how good can it get?
It's like a battle cry.
It's very much so.
People might think it's
very peaceful, and it is.
It's very gentle.
But it's powerful.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And the companion
to that is kindness.
And I totally agree with you.
The field I saw was very
chaotic with some instances
of clarity, light, and
directional thought
from the people who
still know how to do it.
And what I saw that
was sad was that there
were becoming at this time
actually decreasing numbers
of people able to hold that
coherent, clear thought
that you were talking
about earlier.
>>LARSON: And that
ability is so important.
It's very simple.
But it's challenging
to do, especially
like you saying in
these chaotic times
because there's
somewhat challenging,
striving for our
attention, trying
to grab our attention,
whether it's the media
or what we're supposed
to care about, whatever
the political thing of the day--
>>REGINA: Fear is being foisted
on us is the correct thing.
>>LARSON: Yeah, whatever we're
supposed to be afraid of--
>>REGINA: Trying to fit in
fashionably with whichever side
we've chosen.
>>LARSON: Right.
But if we recognize,
that's all nonsense.
The whole thing of the
divisiveness is ridiculous.
Then it's possible to
regain that focus again.
It's never too late.
>>REGINA: No, it's not too late.
I mean, I did see that.
But the point that you make is
that from that field of chaos,
it takes that love, care,
kindness, and really purity
of intention and desire.
And we can shift that field
back to a field that's coherent.
>>LARSON: Yes, and
that's what nature loves.
That's what I see when
I work with nature.
That's how nature listens.
If we have that unification,
that purity of heart,
that sincere genuine
need, then that's
when we have
influence over things
that seem like acts of God.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
So you also-- I want to get into
this because we haven't talked
a lot about the Mandela effect.
But that's embedded
within all of this.
Every one of these choices is
going to change inexplicably
these outcomes to
where we think we
have mass psychosis because
we're all remembering it wrong.
So it's all being
affected by this.
So you make-- you draw lines
between Mandela effect, reality
shifts, timelines,
afterlife, and dream time.
We only have a few
minutes left, so--
>>LARSON: Pull it all together.
>>REGINA: Yeah, pull
it all together for us.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, basically
the Mandela effect
is that collective recognition
that we remember things
differently.
And I would recommend people,
please, hang on to that.
If you remember something,
then it happened.
So--
>>REGINA: Yes, and
also universities
are studying it now.
>>LARSON: They sure are.
>>REGINA: It's actually getting
some real academic attention
as to how this happens.
>>LARSON: Yes.
There's a wonderful
landmark paper
that was published in
2019 by researchers
at University of Chicago.
And that was where the
researchers Bainbridge
and Prasad, two
beautiful researchers--
and it was an amazing study.
They worked with--
first, 100 people
were the research
study participants.
And they were looking at
different characters, such as,
for example, "Where's Waldo?"
He was one of them, Pikachu
from the cartoon character.
They had some logos, too,
Fruit of the Loom logo.
>>REGINA: So some of the things
we've seen and were aware of.
And so what did they
discover in this study?
>>LARSON: What
they discovered is
they did three different
versions of the study.
And one of them was just
recognizing which of the images
is correct.
For example, Curious George
with a tail, without a tail.
People tended to remember very
strongly together with a tail.
They also had a
different kind of a tail.
But people remembered
the same kind of a tail.
And then they'd ask for the
Fruit of the Loom, that logo,
bunch of fruit together with
a basket or on a platter
and so forth.
People, instead of choosing
the platter or by itself,
they chose in a cornucopia,
all of the collection of fruit,
which is what I remember, too.
And so a number of these--
I think seven of these
things, "Where's Waldo?"
He has a walking stick
with a curved top.
And the monopoly man has a
monocle, not two glasses.
So these are very-- of
course, it makes sense.
But why-- the researchers wanted
to know why is it that people
not only--
they called it misremember.
I would say it's a mismatched
memory that they remember it
differently.
>>REGINA: But collectively.
>>LARSON: Yes,
they collectively--
large groups of them are
collectively remembering them
the same way differently, like
why the cornucopia instead
of a platter under the fruit?
And they didn't have a good
answer for why that is.
But further research
clearly would be--
>>REGINA: But the fact that
they're even studying it
is good.
>>LARSON: It is very good.
>>REGINA: And so what about
between that and reality
shifts, timeline hopping?
You say it's important to
be able to hop timelines.
>>LARSON: Yes.
Yeah, it's very important to
be able to consciously know
by asking a question
like, how good can it get?
By staying focused in
the midst of the chaos
that you can bring about
good results for you,
for your family,
for your loved ones.
This is very powerful.
And it's along the lines of
what Dr. Larry Dossey often
talked about.
He was wonderful at presenting
that kind of information
in his books.
And he had that book "One Mind."
Again, it's that idea
we are doing this
because at higher levels
of conscious agency,
we're capable of doing it.
It's extremely important.
And with all of the various
cataclysmic chaotic events
happening in the world right
now, we have the ability,
we have the tools.
The Mandela effect
gives us awareness
that we can do
this collectively.
We can do things
to change ourselves
just the way that organisms are
instantly being able to evolve,
which is remarkable.
But--
>>REGINA: It is.
And if you get into any deep
occult esoteric teaching,
they will all go back
to the same thing,
this world is thought--
>>LARSON: It is thought.
>>REGINA: --where
your thoughts go
is the creation that we
are bathed in and live in.
>>LARSON: Yes, and we can--
>>REGINA: It's that simple.
>>LARSON: And we can be
scientists in our own lives,
practice it at home,
and try it out.
Try how good can it get.
See what the day
is like that way.
>>REGINA: Yes, I love that.
And it gives a new meaning
to thought leaders.
It doesn't mean people
who are showing on--
appearing on YouTube, right?
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: It means if
you have the ability
to have that clarity of
thought and coherence
and vision a higher future,
you have the ability
to help lead those who
are still developing that.
And I think that's beautiful.
And on this note,
this is interesting.
I have not seen the new release
of the movie "Snow White."
I'll be curious when
I do see it to see--
this is a common one, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Share it with us.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, we can ask people what
they remember in that scene
where the witch is
looking in the mirror
and she's asking something,
something on the wall,
who's the fairest of them all?
>>REGINA: Mirror,
mirror on the wall.
>>LARSON: That's
what I remember.
But now, it's never been that.
It's only ever been magic
mirror on the wall--
>>REGINA: Nope, sorry.
>>LARSON: --who's the
fairest of them all.
>>REGINA: Nope.
I want to see how the studio
handles that one, which
one they go with.
>>LARSON: I'd like
to see that too.
>>REGINA: Because the collective
memory is more with mirror,
mirror.
So I'll be very curious to
see how they have whoever--
the woman playing
that, Maleficent,
how she plays that scene
and see what we end up with.
It's just another kind of pop
thing that's fun to look at.
So any final thoughts
before we say goodbye?
You've just been so
wonderfully articulate.
>>LARSON: Oh, thank you.
Well, I think the key is
just keep asking questions.
So wherever people are, they
might fall apart to this,
I'd say.
If it seems confusing what we
talked about, watch it again,
or like you suggested,
watch the other shows
because this is a big topic.
And when you first
are open to it
and recognize, wait a
minute, those things
are different for me
what's going on, then--
>>REGINA: This is
the big enchilada.
>>LARSON: This is big.
It's a tool kit that humanity
is being given at this time
to make it through the
best we've ever done.
And I know we're going to do it.
How good can it get?
>>REGINA: Every major
seer throughout history
sees us going to a higher level.
>>LARSON: It's going
to such a higher level.
>>REGINA: So it's
going to go there.
But we can be part of
that and make it easier--
>>LARSON: We are part of that.
>>REGINA: --or more difficult.
>>LARSON: Thank you for
making it happen, too.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Cynthia.
I always love chatting with you.
Thank you.
>>LARSON: Me too.
>>REGINA: Always a fascinating
conversation with Cynthia Sue.
She writes her thoughts
on our evolving world
on a regular basis.
You can connect with her work
through realityshifters.com.
You can also catch up on my
previous interviews with her
here on Gaia, as we
spoke of a moment ago.
It might lay a nice
foundation for this talk.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[AUDIO LOGO]